I should walk up hill more.  It gets the heart racing, it's good for the brain.  Yesterday we went to Castle Drogo in Devon with Richard and Kristine.  We walked down a steep path to the pub where we had lunch and I was a bit worried that I was going to struggle to get back up - and I think Richard and Kristine were a bit worried as well.

But I got back up the hill without any problem - I did get very hot and sweaty - but so what? 

I was just thinking that one of the things that you could do with walking up the hill from Archway to Highgate is that you could do a kind of figure of eight so that you walked up the hill to Highgate and you also walked from Crouch End up to Muswell hill.

I've woken up very horny this morning - I don't know why.  And of course London is full of very sexy women as it always is.

I'm a bit worried that I've done something stupid by arranging for this replacement Scrum Master to come today.  But I suppose that the worst thing that can happen is that the appropriate people have a look at her and then they say that they don't want her to come tomorrow.

So I suppose what's most important is that Steve gets a chance to look at her.

Some interesting things that come out of the walking - it's a bit like "What I talk about when I talk about running".  I was thinking that if I could got for a month of writing 500 words, then I could go for a month of writing 1000 words, and then maybe I could go through a month of writing 2000 words, and so on.  What's important about that I suppose is that they should be 1000 words that were publishable - that I could just post on the site.

This is the "practice and all will come" idea from yoga.  That was the other thing that I was thinking that I could do - I could try to combine the walking and the yoga.  This idea is that when the walking gets to it's peak - when I'm walking 186 miles a month in July, at the same time I would start to do some yoga - I suppose I could walk to Camden and back, couldn't I?

Wow! There's a really awkward conversation going on between the two women who are sitting in front of me.  They've run out of things to talk about.

They clearly work together, but don't have much else in common.  One of them, I've seen her on this train pretty much evrery time I've got on it since I've been working at giffgaff.

Man you have to be careful don't you when you're writing for other people to see.  I think over the period that I've seen her here, she's gone off the boil.  Put on weight.  Lost her bloom.  Man, with some women it can happen so fast.  

Of course there's a black woman having the compulsory too-loud mobile phone conversation.  Not that her being black has anything to do with it - it could be anybody who was having the too-loud phone conversation. But there's always somebody.  The tinny rattle of someone's music leaking out through some headphones.

The blonde she's talking to is *just* going off the boil as well.  I don't think they can be much older than their late 20's. What kind of job are they doing? It's taking it out of them.  Listen to me, Mark Stringer.  Body fascist.

Another too-loud conversation - shouting really.  A South African accent I think - can't see him, he's a white man.  Lordy someone's got some powerfull aftershave.  I think it's the bald-beardy geezer in front of me reading Terry Pratchett.

This train is very late - Metropolitan line having a bit of a break-down.

Man that leaking music though.

I just had a thought.  Almost everybody that you're surrounded by on the train you could use face recognition software to identify from photographs on facebook and then use facebook to get a *ton* of information about.  Just think if facebook could tell you what kind of person they are, andjuttherefore how you should talk to them, if you wanted to seduce them, if you wanted to sell them something, if you wanted them to give you a job.  And another interesting thing is, well how much of this could you get *without* using facebook.  How much of this could you pick up from just cold reading?

It's like the thing that I've been saying for a while - hacking computers - go to jail.  Hacking humans? Get elected president, get promoted.

Man, everybody annoys me these days.  The white guy with the beard and the bad skin talking like a black man - not really talking like a black man - Jafaican they call it - it's how the youngsters in London talk - and it's nothing like an old-fashioned cockney accent, which is still what you hear (or I hear because I can't make the subtle distinctions I suppose) in Essex.

But if I believed my own rhetoric, wouldn't I be happy with this? If you have schools with people from everywhere in them, then the accent is going to be an everywhere accent. Actually, I can't see how anyone would ever be happy with this skanky beardy bloke with the bad skin.













