I don't really have anything that I want to write today.

The way I'm feeling at giffgaff is becalmed. I'm not using any skills.  And it's getting embarrassing.

I don't have even the basic stratedies for dealing with conflict - or that's what it feels like. Like the time that Nicola was playing music and I didn't ask her to turn it down - having asked other people.

Maybe it's time to just give up there.

I remeber the thing that David De Angelo said in one of the tapes - when something's fucked up, just stop.

Also, I'm wondering if I'm going to write this if I'm going to have to pay for a private repository. 

So here's what's wrong with the job that I'm doing right now.

1. I don't feel that I'm learning anything - this was the problem with both this role and the one at MOJ - that was the vital mistake - letting them put me in as a Scrum Master.

2. I don't feel that I have any levers to pull to control what's going on.

3. I'm "Phoning it in"

4. A lot of this might be rather straight-forwardly to do with being at other end of the line from Uxbridge.  The commute is a bitch and I've never been particularly good at the commute.

5. I think there's a great party going on next door (AWS, Infrastucture-as-code, all that good stuff) and I want to be involved in it.

6. There's Christopher Columbus Discovers Project Management

7. Now, as well, there's Tinkle.

Bright beautiful sunshine out here in metroland, as there often is.

I'd love to know what that tree is that's out in blossom now - the blossom out before the leaves.  I could probably find out with a brief search.  Well, this ubuntu on a Chrome laptop seems to be working out OK. But now I'm thinking that I really can't write here and then send it back to a public github account.

I wouldn't say that my brain was on fire today. Somebody behind me smells very good. I was thinking this morning that the thing that I've always wanted to do with people like Richard A is talk hypnotic nonsense to them. 

Is that a crazy idea? At the same time, I don't really want to be that close to them. 

That was always really the problem.  The attraction of the idea of writing a book I suppose - and I suppose this is why a lot of people do it  - is that you don't have to talk to anybody else.  The big problem that I'm having at the moment with the idea of writing a book is the "So what?"

Yeah, commitment and consistency, yeah, sociopaths and losers, yeah heads I win tails you lose.  But so what? What does that tell me I should do differently?

One thing is that I think if I had - say 6 weeks of mornings, I might be able to figure that out.

I was wondering if there was a way of triggering moving from something like the giffgaff gig.

1) Are you dying? This means have you actually been diagnosed with a fatal disease. [Some fucker is playing his phone out loud on the train - can you fucking believe that?](if "No" then add 5 points]

2) Would you be broke within 6 months if you resigned? (If no then add 5 points]

3) Do you think you could get a job within 3 months if you resigned? (	on a scale of 1-5)

4) Have you been in the same situation for the last 3 months?

5) Is there any serious likelihood of things getting any better?
