Man I got angry yesterday.  And I don't know what about.

What the hell am I doing in this job?  I'm struggling really badly trying to sort out my dad's PC.  The noises on this train are really annoying me.

I was so annoyed yesterday I was like a crazy person.

I know why it is - it's that argument that we had before Christmas that's still hanging over me.

And I'm wondering if there's anything that I can do about it.

We were always suggesting that we should have a retrospective and I'm wondering if that's the right way.  One problem that I have is that one of the big things that we need to address is the hiring of a junior product owner.

Something that's just come up in my head.  If the Peter principle is right and in a hierarchy people rise to their level of incompetence, what's the best thing to do when you get to that level?  

Demote yourself?  That's kind of what I've done by going to giffgaff and that's not worked out too well.  Get different education? Well, that's worked well in the past and I'm seriously thinking about doing that again.

Part of the problem that I have is that I just don't have the emotional education for the kind of jobs that I find myself in.

The only comfort really in these situations is that nobody else seems to be doing better than I am in these situations.

Yesterday, I was just back to where I was before I started going to overeaters anonymous and it made me realise that I need to go back there.

This is something that I'm really ashamed of - I don't want to argue with Nicola because she reminds me of my mother.

I'm thinking if I do want to progress, rather than just sitting at my desk and taking the money, I need to have some approach that lets me have a much more mature, measured way of dealing with people who are talking crazy shit.  People, as Rudyard Kipling famously said, who are losing their head and blaming it on you.

Some things that I was thinking yesterday that I read in "The Art of Conversational Self-Defence" - one of the things that I do over and over again is take it personally.  This isn't personal - it's business, it's a game.  I watched Get Shorty at the weekend.  The Character of Chilli Palmer is a very good idea for a character.  And I was taken by one of the things that he was saying, when he's coaching the Danny Devito character - you're just a name on my list - I don't care about you one way or the other.

The exhausting bit about being a Scrum Master is having to say "No" to people - and when you're being an Agile coach, you don't really have to say no to people - you're just explaining the situation.  I still can't work out whether it's a good thing or a bad thing in an Agile coach to want to jump on the Grenade - to let the name on the list matter to you one way or the other.

What I want to do now - and I don't know whether it's going to be useful or not.

One thing that I'm thinking is that a very good way of getting a lot of the kind of education that I was is to do pickup. Not that it did Neil Strauss that much good - we'll see, maybe his marriage will last.

I was also fantasizing about doing a walk from Hampstead Heath tube, walking across the Heath and then up into Muswell Hill - how far is it form there back home? Only about 6 miles as the crow flies.

 
