#Flat on My Back

When I went for an interview for my first real job as a scrum master, I was nearly totally broke.  I remember fancying some crisps and a chocolate bar from the shop at Ealing Broadway station and not having enough money in my account to pay for them.

When I went for that interview I talked to a Scrum Master who was in a terrible state.  As I described it to people afterwards, to me he looked just like Edward Munch's painting "The Scream."

Seven and a bit years later, if Edvard Munch's "scream" character had be an overeater, I think he might have looked like me.

I remember coming home from that interview and laying in bed and crying - if I didn't get that job - which had come out of the blue - I didn't know what I was going to do.  I really was down to my last few pennies.

Being totally broke was putting a big strain on my relationship with my wife. I realised - oh my God, I realised it so late, I realised that one of the fundamental things that marriage is about for women, is financial security, but at the same time, one of the fundamental things about marriage is that everybody has to pretend that marriage isn't about that. And I by getting so broke, for so long, without any obvious way out of it, I'd broken some unwritten rule.

At the time I'd been reading a book about Aikido - It's a Lot Like Dancing - by this guy Terry Dobson.  One of the interesting things about Terry Dobson is that he's an asshole (I think the American spelling is fitting becuase he is an American) but he knows that he's an asshole.

I was reading that when he first started at training in Japan at the Dojo of the sensei the sensei asked him to try to attack him.  The Sensei was only a tiny guy, so he didn't really try that hard - but the Sensei defended himself - and scolded Dobson for not trying harder.

So Dobson tried again - and again the sensei defended himself and scolded Dobson for not really trying.  So now Dobson is angry and he things right, now I'm really going to flatten this little fucker. He throws all his weight into his attack.  A few seconds later he regains consciousness flat on his back on the mat with the little sensei looking down at him and saying "Are you all right?"

Well, when I got back from the interview for John Wiley in December 2009 that's how I felt. And that's how I feel now.

I've just been reading Patsy Rodenburg's book "Second Circle" and she talks about the Hopi Indian's moving on whenever they get too comfortable. Without struggle, there's no joy. But when I think of this, I think of all the people who get stuck in dead end jobs, who are working on zero hour contracts.  There's no guarantee, no guarantee at all that I can't end up being one of those people. It's not that I'm comfortable at the moment exactly but I'm stuck.  I think it's time to try to get myself un-stuck. I keep fantasizing about leaving this job but don't see quite able to do it - what about all those direct debits on my back account that I haven't been able to stop?

And I can't see the answer being to just answer one of the ads on jobserve. On the other hand, the last time I was "self-unemployed" there was definitely joy.

I'm listening to Bach really loud to drown out some young buck who's talking on the phone to one of his girlfriends.

Again, I'm fantasising about walking from Hillingdon, but won't be able to do it today because I'm going to be late enough already.




