So I don't see any point writing this anywhere else other than directly into github.  This my idea - just like I walk every day and record how much I walk.  How about I write every day and record how much I write?

And just like with the walking, I could have a target - and a graph of how I'm doing.  Unlike with the walking I wouldn't have to actually write down how many words I did on any day because I could figure that out with a script.

If I do actually figure out how to run unix on my chromeos machine, then I'll probably go back to doing that.

It's clouding over here at Canary Wharf, so I'm not sure how much walking I'm going to do.  One thing that I've noticed with this keyboard is that it seems to make my wrists ache - which is something that I've never encountered before.  Maybe I'll get used to it.

And this is a very nice place to be sitting - I'm surrounded by hot women. Greeks at 2 o'clock, Turish women (I think) at 4 o'clock.  And Turkish waitresses all around the clock.  It's one of those places where the proprietor has hired the absolute hottest waiters that he can find. The first time that we came here the pies from here weren't all that good, but now, I don't know what's happened, they've got a *lot* better.

I feel unmanned and becalmed by giffgaff.  It doesn't seem like I can share my hopes and fears about this with Themis. I suppose it's almost axiomatic that spouses don't understand your work. What I feel like doing is resigning and being left with no option but to find another job somewhere else.  Interesting all of these people shouting about IR35 - for me, I was much happier working for an umbrella company.

The only problem with the Turks is that they have a certain icy reserve.  When you get to my age flirting with hot waitresses is one of the few pleasures that you have left.

Christ we're going to Richard and Kristine's next week - and then a fornight after that Roxy is coming, and then After that mum and dad (all of this in March) and then after that Themis is going to Malta.

The craziness that we had before Christmas is ramping up again.  I think I would be in a better position to deal with it if I weren't commuting so much.  Commuting just takes it out of you.  Should I go to my overeating tonight?

I think I should.  I haven't exactly been dieting or skimping recently.  Two fat lasses have just pulled up to the counter.  One of the things that I learnt from porn is that fat lasses can look very sexy.  Wow.  I think they're fat Greeks.

I was thinking this this morning.  One of the problems with clothes that "reveal all" is that essentially you have to be too skinny to look good in them.  The shap you need to be to look good without any clothes on doesn't necessarily look that good with clothes on.

I'm still not sure about this keyboard.  These scribblings have been about 500 words.  Just sitting and writing it's quite easy to write 500 words, even a thousand.  I was wondering about the "Writing down the bones" and the idea of a writing marathon.  Could I write a writing marathon on this keyboard? Probably not. 

The hot girls from the Turkish cafe are here - now I'm in Nero's in Jubilee place.  I've walked up the east side of the Isle of Dogs - grumbling at all the places where developers have shut the riverside path. And I've walked 3 and a bit miles in the process.
